c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\bin\Debug\KojangTalk.exe.config
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\bin\Debug\KojangTalk.exe
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\bin\Debug\KojangTalk.pdb
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk.g.resources
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk.exe
c:\users\kojang\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\KojangTalk.pdb
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Styles\Windows.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Styles\Texts.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Styles\Fonts.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Pages\LoginPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Pages\LoginPage.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Pages\ChatPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Pages\ChatPage.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Controls\SideMenuControl.g.cs
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Controls\SideMenuControl.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Controls\Chat\ChatListControl.g.cs
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Controls\Chat\ChatListItemControl.g.cs
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Controls\Chat\ChatListControl.baml
C:\Users\kojang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KojangTalk\KojangTalk\obj\Debug\Controls\Chat\ChatListItemControl.baml
